>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah,
my name's Kent C Dodds.
This is a bunch of links and
information about me.
I work for PayPal.
I live in Utah.
I have a family.
We're expecting another baby in September.
So one wife, four kids coming up.
So that'll be fun.
And yeah, if you want to see what
all these things are all about,
I have my link to my slides right here,
which if somebody could put that in
the chat that be pretty awesome,
kcd.im/asts-workshop-slides.
Let's set up some expectations here so
we're all on the same page.
We are not gonna be doing
air squats the whole time.
We are gonna be talking
about abstract syntax trees,
gonna give an introduction to what
that even is and why you should care,
and give some practical examples of
traversing and manipulating ASTs.
It's gonna be super cool.
I'm not going to give you a super deep
dive into all the tools and ASTs.
We will go pretty deep, and the exercises
are part of what makes you learn ASTs.
There's no shortcut to
getting experience with ASTs,
you just have to work with them a lot.
And we'll be doing that
a lot during this workshop.
We're also not gonna actual publish
a plugin package for ESLint or Babel.
There are great docs for
how to do that, and
so I'll leave you to look at the docs for
that.
Most of what we'll be doing is
working with the AST specifically.
Okay, so the setup.
The reason that I have everybody setup
before the workshop is to make sure that
there aren't any problems.
And there was a problem
somebody found this morning.
Thank you so much to that person.
Actually gonna give that
individual a shout out.
This guy, thank you.
He found a serious bug for
Windows users in particular.
So yeah, regardless of your platform, I'd
like it if you could run this setup again.
I would recommend just blow
away your directory or
go rename your directory and
start from scratch.
And I'll leave this here for just a sec,
or actually I'll just go the chat and
paste this in.
Cool, yeah, so you can have
that running in the background.
Change YOUR_EMAIL@DOMAIN.COM
to your email.
And yeah, so just a couple of logistics.
Mark talked about it mostly, but
just to make sure I cover everything.
The way that we're gonna do things is for
every exercise,
well actually I'll cover this later,
let's just get into things and
then I'll talk about how we're gonna be
doing the exercises and stuff in a sec.